jabberpy  0.2 README Matthew Allum <breakfast@10.am>

Introduction
-------------
jabber.py is a Python module for the jabber instant messaging
protocol. jabber.py deals with the xml parsing and socket code,
leaving the programmer to concentrate on developing quality jabber
based applications with Python.

jabber.py requires at least python 2.0 and the XML expat parser
module ( included in the standard Python distrubution ).

It is developed on Linux but should run happily on other Unix's and
win32.

The library currently supports enough of the protocol to write simple 
jabber clients.

jabber.py is released under the GPL license.

For more infomation see http://jabberpy.sourceforge.net

Whats Needed
------------- 
You need python >=2.0 with the expat modules installed. You can check
for the expat modules by opening up a Python shell ( make sure it 
reports at least version 2 ) and enter 'import parsers.xml.expat' . 
If you get an error you need to install the python expat libs... 

To do this;

For Debian users;

You need the python2-base package installed, then as root;

apt-get install python2-xml

From Python source (Un*x);

Before compiling Python, have a look at the file Modules/Setup in the
distrubution directory. At the bottom of the file you'll find some 
instructions for installing the expat modules, follow them !

For Windows Users;

AFAIK the windows Python Binary ( from python.org ) comes with expat 
support included. If you are using windows see the 'notes' section at
the bottom of this readme.  

Installation
-------------
From the untared distrubution directory; As root run;

python setup.py install

Alternatively just copy xmlstream.py and jabber.py to somewhere in your
PYTHON_PATH. 

The examples directory contains some simple jabber based programs which 
use the library. See examples/README

Documentaion
-------------
The modules contain embedded docmentation, use pydoc to present this is 
a nice readable format. 

Also see the protocol documentation on jabber.org and the source code for
the scripts in examples/* . 

Bugs
----
Probably lots :p. If you find any subscribe to the dev list ( see below ) or
drop me a mail - breakfast@10.am

Notes
-----
<> The library should run fine on windows. Unfortunatly the test 
   client will not as it 'selects' on a file handle and 
   windows does not support this. If anyone knows a workaround
   for this please then inform me.

<> A Mailing list for the development of the jabberpy project is 
   available at;

      http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jabberpy-devel

   Please subscribe and help the project. 




